basic applied science model of 70-20-10. 70% is experiential where you actually have to put your
fingers to the keys and have your code implode because we want them to understand that it's not
going to be something where they can just write a piece of code and it's going to be magic every
single time. Most of the time they're going to spend their time wondering what this weird error
is or how why my data exploded. 20% of it is with relationships with their mentor so we pick
somebody that we find to be a champion for data science and somebody that we think could really
guide people through their learning process and their job is to essentially help them find answers
not necessarily give them answers. So we do a 20% piece there and 10% we give them formal
lessons and lectures whether that be via the R platform, whether it be
YouTube, whether it be Stack. I'll sometimes just send people straight up Stack Overflow
notes being like check this out read this and see if you can understand something in there.